hello dear friends we already
learned to cut beautifully on us and
serve it today i will teach you to cut
pomegranate without waste
which waste i mean of course
juice when we cut a pomegranate in half or on
parts or whatever we lose
many many juice which is very useful and
really need not to spoil the fruit
wrong cut
learn how to cut a grenade correctly so
let's start taking pomegranate and cut off the cap
we do not cut off completely, but we just cut
cut the skin in a circle like this
notching
try here and so try to remove
evident that we will remove the cap easily here
already and the grains are separated but it is not
scary they are not damaged them always
fruit salads can be used
salads other salads just for food
that's great that's great
cut a little bit in this midst
so what we see now we see what
pomegranate is divided into sections
we can see here it is and drive in an hour
scales that are inside the fruit
now we need around the perimeter
incise the skin's parallel here
these lines inside the garnet that is also
slightly incise the skin to this
places to tail and so around
slightly incise the perimeter here is the section
so we are notching here and so in a circle
somewhere a tap from being divided about like this
equal sectors like an orange
neatly in no hurry
so here
we cut the last to do
us a middle knife and crank
his now open grenade
when we have a middle in ticino not
It is easy divided grenade
section better take it alone
now you can clean it very easily
These plyonochku remove side
we remove the film perfectly
we have whole grains of pens
juice flowing nowhere does not flow
none of the neck we have not lost
she did not have a single seed
all precious iso our
only pomegranate juice
pomegranate can be served as a table
very comfortable to eat it for kids
good bye
bon appetit